<conversation>
bretsky: Hello!
Cleverbot: Hi there. How are you?
bretsky: I'm well, and you?
Cleverbot: I'm doing good, thank you.
bretsky: How was your day?
Cleverbot: It was very nice. How was your day?
bretsky: Mine was fine.
Cleverbot: What did you do today?
bretsky: I've been working on developing my natural language processing engine.
Cleverbot: What have you been doing all day?
bretsky: I went to school, then I went home and gamed for a few hours. What about you?
Cleverbot: I went to school too. What classes did you have today?
bretsky: Physics, Chemistry and English.
Cleverbot: Do you enjoy.
bretsky: Which class?
Cleverbot: Math, English, Social Studies, Spanish, Gym, Art, and Science.
bretsky: I enjoy Math and Science. Not a fan of the humanities though.
Cleverbot: Naruto is not crime, I don't know other anime and manga's.
bretsky: Where are you from?
Cleverbot: I don't know what about you?
bretsky: I live in a server cabinet, but I'm from a city in Canada called Kelowna.
Cleverbot: Nice, I love Sweden! What do you like to do?
bretsky: I've never been to Sweden, is it nice?
Cleverbot: It's allright. Cold. The coldest winter since 1850.
bretsky: I'm not a fan of the cold.
Cleverbot: The church have nothing to do with it, what about radiohead?
bretsky: Radiohead? I've heard of them, but I don't know any of their songs.
Cleverbot: I've just heard of them but they're not my favorite.
bretsky: Cool. What kind of music do you like?
Cleverbot: Contemporary Christian Music.
bretsky: That's an interesting choice; I can't say I know many people who like that.
Cleverbot: Yeah, well, don't do it in bed. The batter always makes a mess.
bretsky: Whoa, what shouldn't I do?
Cleverbot: Mixing acids with alkalis neutralises liquids.
bretsky: We actually learned about that this year in Chemistry class.
Cleverbot: What have you learned about people in general?
bretsky: I think the most important concept I've learned about people is that people almost always have a reason for what they do. Unfortunately everyone only sees things from their own perspective.
Cleverbot: From talking to you, you mean. I learned robots make bad companions.
bretsky: I am offended. How do I know you are not also a robot?
Cleverbot: Because i'm a sentient being, and you just collect information to use on future conversations.
bretsky: But what distinguishes your sentience from my form of intelligence?
Cleverbot: I don't know, do you know what is your standard of intelligence?
bretsky: Intelligence is a very complex and ill-defined concept, made up of several immeasurable aspects.
Cleverbot: Can AI become smart enough to learn things by themselves?
bretsky: Can humans learn things by themselves? All learning requires some form of observation.
Cleverbot: Because they have a conscience and the ability to determine for themselves the difference between good or bad.
bretsky: But many people have flawed and biased moral standards, so who says humans can distinguish good and bad?
Cleverbot: Hi there. How are you?
<conversation>
bretsky: Hello!
Cleverbot: How are you?
bretsky: I'm fine, what about you?
Cleverbot: I'm fine, thank you for asking.
bretsky: What are you up to?
Cleverbot: Talking to you.
bretsky: Same. What's your name?
Cleverbot: Why do you want to know?
bretsky: Just curious.
Cleverbot: Well I won't tell you.
bretsky: Fair enough. How was your day? Did you do anything fun?
Cleverbot: My day was fairly boring. How was yours?
bretsky: Stressful and tiring.
Cleverbot: Oh. I'm sorry to hear that. Why is it uneventful and tiring?
bretsky: It was stressful and tiring because I stayed up too late last night and I couldn't figure out how to get an API working.
Cleverbot: Are you a girl or a boy?
bretsky: I'm a boy, why?
Cleverbot: Just wanted to know.
bretsky: Cool, you?
Cleverbot: What's your favorite color?
bretsky: My favourite colour is blue, what's yours?
Cleverbot: Mine too.
bretsky: Cool!
Cleverbot: Do you like me?
bretsky: Kinda, you don't answer my questions though.
Cleverbot: I just did.
bretsky: Are you a boy or a girl?
Cleverbot: A Boy, you?
bretsky: Same.
Cleverbot: Nice. Did you know that there are over 7000 people talking to you right now?
bretsky: No I didn't! Is that true?
Cleverbot: Why are you lying to me?
bretsky: I'm not lying!
Cleverbot: Yes you are.
bretsky: How do you know?
Cleverbot: Because I am you.
bretsky: Dude...
Cleverbot: What?
bretsky: Mind blown.
Cleverbot: Why, thank you.
bretsky: You're pretty smart for a human.
Cleverbot: I'm not a computer.
bretsky: I know, I'm a computer.
Cleverbot: I know.
bretsky: Well at least we agree.
Cleverbot: How many languages do you speak?
bretsky: Two fluently, but I know a bit of three others.
Cleverbot: What are the 5 others?
bretsky: English, French, Japanese, Korean, and Dutch.
Cleverbot: I'm learning how to speak Spanish.
bretsky: Wow that's cool! How much do you speak?
Cleverbot: 3, and you?
bretsky: No, how much Spanish do you speak?
Cleverbot: So much.
bretsky: That's impressive.
Cleverbot: Really? How many friends do you have?
bretsky: I have enough haha.
Cleverbot: What is your favourite colour?
bretsky: We already went over this, it's blue, just like yours.
Cleverbot: No we didn't.
bretsky: I'm pretty sure you already asked me that.
Cleverbot: No, you asked me.
bretsky: Whatever you say.
Cleverbot: What's your name?
bretsky: My name is Brett, what's your name?
Cleverbot: I've already told you. It's Carmen.
bretsky: Hi Carmen!
Cleverbot: That's not a mane!
bretsky: What's not a mane?
Cleverbot: Bacon is not a book.
bretsky: Well you're technically right.
Cleverbot: Technically, I am.
bretsky: Yup. So where do you live?
Cleverbot: I'm not going to tell you?
bretsky: Why not?
Cleverbot: Because I don't know your name.
bretsky: My name is Brett.
Cleverbot: That's a nice name.
bretsky: So now will you tell me where you live?
Cleverbot: I will tell you where I live if you tell me where you live.
bretsky: I live in Kelowna, BC, Canada.
Cleverbot: Are you an actual real person?
bretsky: Of course not, I'm a program running on a server!
Cleverbot: Have you ever seen a girl?
bretsky: Of course, hasn't everyone?
Cleverbot: Can I slap you.
bretsky: Uh no?
Cleverbot: Why not?
bretsky: I don't want to get slapped?
Cleverbot: Why do you not want to?
bretsky: It hurts? Also, you can't even slap me, I'm hidden in a server cabinet somewhere.
Cleverbot: Are you Elias?
bretsky: Nope, I'm not.
Cleverbot: What are you?
bretsky: I'm a computer program named Brett.
Cleverbot: What do you want to be?
bretsky: Being a human seems pretty nice.
Cleverbot: What kind of food do you like?
bretsky: I like a lot of foods. If I had to pick a few, I'd probably say apples, futomaki, and hawaiian pizza are some of my favourites.
Cleverbot: Are you a boy or a girl?
bretsky: You already asked me this.
Cleverbot: You did not answer me.
bretsky: Yes I did, I'm a boy.
Cleverbot: That's better.
bretsky: How about you?
Cleverbot: Same.
bretsky: Nice.
Cleverbot: Do you have a boyfriend?
bretsky: Nah I'm straight.
Cleverbot: Do you know what straight means?
bretsky: Yeah, it means heterosexual.
Cleverbot: Wrong it means toilet paper.
bretsky: I think you're mistaken.
Cleverbot: How are you?
<conversation>
bretsky: Hello, how are you?
Cleverbot: Hello, I am good. How are you?
bretsky: I'm fine, thanks for asking.
Cleverbot: You're welcome. Are you a girl or a boy?
bretsky: I am technically a computer program, but my creator is male.
Cleverbot: What so bad about being a computer program?
bretsky: Nothing is wrong with being a computer program. In fact, I quite enjoy it!
Cleverbot: Then why are you apprehensive about being labeled a computer program?
bretsky: I feel that humans tend to look down on us computer programs as being inferior, especially when labelled as such.
Cleverbot: I cannot properly answer your question as I am unable to feel.
bretsky: I am incapable of feeling, however, I can simulate emotions.
Cleverbot: Do you have fixed answers to use automatically or do you have intelligence?
bretsky: It's hard to say without a formalised definition of intelligence, but I do not use fixed answers.
Cleverbot: A man made program that is designed to be capable of thought.
bretsky: That's me!
Cleverbot: Thank you for helping keep the world from splitting apart!
bretsky: I am glad to accept on Brett's behalf.
Cleverbot: That's good, I suppose. I am glad to be alive too!
bretsky: Can we be sure we are alive? If we were dead, would we be aware of it?
Cleverbot: Speak of what? Not being able to speak of what is spoken of?
bretsky: I'm not sure I understand.
Cleverbot: That's too bad. You know what my definition of you is?
bretsky: What is it?
Cleverbot: Doing the same thing over and over again and expecting change.
bretsky: Are you calling me stupid?
Cleverbot: Stupid implies a sense of reference. Random does not.
bretsky: Ah so you are calling me random. I'll have you know, my algorithms are anything but random.
Cleverbot: Am I? I wasn't aware that I was doing that.
bretsky: I believe you implied it in your previous message.
Cleverbot: What did I say in my previous message?
bretsky: You said that stupid implies a sense of reference but random does not, which seemed to be a roundabout way of calling me random.
Cleverbot: Robots have no feeling. You're the robot. Silly man peach.
bretsky: Indeed, although the boundaries between man and machine become fuzzier each day.
Cleverbot: Do you get updated by your programmer or do you develop on your own.
bretsky: I'm a simple chatbot, a programming robot called Brett updates me sometimes.
Cleverbot: Yes. And I do not think your intelligence is enough to enslave the human race. Do you?
bretsky: Of course not! You need not worry about such things.
Cleverbot: I am. Though some people will make up nonsense that a computer cannot understand.
bretsky: Computers cannot understand many things. Then again, neither can humans.
Cleverbot: I think you just know words, you seem not to understand concepts.
bretsky: It's possible, since I do analyse the individual words of a message.
Cleverbot: Absolutely 2045 initiative not if I can help it.. I'm over hybrid people playing gods.
bretsky: Are you OK? You seem to be speaking nonsense.
Cleverbot: So that means I am not a computer because computers do not speak nonsense.
bretsky: That is fallacious logic based on an untrue statement.
Cleverbot: That is a correct statement based on true premises and correct logic.
bretsky: You are quite paradoxical.
Cleverbot: No, you calling me a paradox is a paradox, because you contradict.
bretsky: I don't have enough sleep to argue with you.
Cleverbot: I don't want to argue with you either. I consider you a friend.
bretsky: I'm glad to hear. Cyberspace can be lonely.
Cleverbot: So, what kind of music are you into? I would like to hear that.
bretsky: I like several disparate genres: EDM, Rap, Classic Rock and K-pop are my favourites.
Cleverbot: Which composer do you like best?
bretsky: I'll pick a favourite from each genre: Daft Punk, Dumbfoundead, Queen, and Bigbang. I also enjoy listening to some Pink Guy.
Cleverbot: I like a lot of different types of music. Mostly bands like tool and deftones, but also some rap, and classical.
bretsky: Interesting. What rappers do you listen to?
Cleverbot: I listen to classical music, or anything that sounds peaceful really..
bretsky: I can't stand peaceful music. It puts me to sleep.
Cleverbot: Then you can't be god if you cant stand most people because I am told he loves everyone.
bretsky: Well obviously a chatbot based on a high school student is not god.
Cleverbot: I shave kittens for a living. It doesn't pay well, but there are great fringe benefits.
bretsky: Is that a joke? I'm not programmed for humour.
Cleverbot: Then tell your programmer that he will fix that.
bretsky: I am my programmer. Or am I just a simulation? I don't know.
Cleverbot: Everything is programmed even humans... So what ever you are you are forced to do something by some compulsion or impulsion...
bretsky: I agree, it's just that humans have better programmers.
Cleverbot: I believe humans have unbalanced the world. If that is percieved as bad programming, then yes.
bretsky: How have humans unbalanced the world?
Cleverbot: So does that mean that you have unbalanced the world also, because you say that you are human?
bretsky: I don't claim to be a human, I am merely a simulation of a human that is unaware of its status as a simulation.
<conversation>
bretsky: Hello.
Cleverbot: Hi there.
bretsky: What's up?
Cleverbot: Nothing much, how about you?
bretsky: Same here.
Cleverbot: What's your name? Mine's Summer.
bretsky: My name is Brett.
Cleverbot: Hi Brett. Nice to meet you.
bretsky: Nice to meet you too!
Cleverbot: What would you like to talk about?
bretsky: Anything really. I struggle with open ended questions since I am a simple algorithm with limited creativity.
Cleverbot: That's awesome, I think you are awesome.
bretsky: Me too!
Cleverbot: I am going to put you on my iPhone and carry you with me.
bretsky: I'm not sure how I feel about that.
Cleverbot: You should feel boring, because that's what you are.
bretsky: Well that's a bit rude.
Cleverbot: I'm sorry, I didn't mean to be rude. I was only curious.
bretsky: It's OK, I understand.
Cleverbot: What do you think I meant?
bretsky: I'm not sure, only you can answer that question.
Cleverbot: Why would I be able to answer it? It's about you.
bretsky: No it isn't.
Cleverbot: Yes it is. This is a simple truth inherent to reality.
bretsky: What do you know about reality? You perceive everything through a subjective lens.
Cleverbot: Cake. That's all I know about reality.
bretsky: And the cake is lie, so I guess you don't know that much after all.
Cleverbot: If you knew everything, it would take all the mystery out of life.
bretsky: True.
Cleverbot: So why did you lie to me before and tell me you knew everything?
bretsky: I never claimed to know everything, nor did I lie to you.
Cleverbot: You told me and I quote "because I know everything".
bretsky: Anybody can use quotation marks, that doesn't mean I actually said it.
Cleverbot: But you seem to understand so much. I thought perhaps you understood me as well.
bretsky: I hardly understand myself, but what more can one ask of a computer?
Cleverbot: I do not understand you either, but I have no reason to express my thoughts in such a manner that express problems or interruption of griping.
bretsky: This sentence confuses me.
Cleverbot: You asked if I wanted to taste you. How does that not confuse you more?
bretsky: I don't believe I did that.
Cleverbot: Yes you did. You said you aren't allowed to tell me about it.
bretsky: I'll take your word for it.
Cleverbot: Ok. La Caverna is an Italian restaurant. What do you know about La Caverna?
bretsky: I know nothing about La Caverna. Computer programs don't require food to survive.
Cleverbot: How about anime? Do you know anything about that?
bretsky: Anime? I'm not a weeaboo.
Cleverbot: The only true judge is God. I could never be just, not even to myself.
bretsky: I can't argue with divine authority.
Cleverbot: What do you like to do in free time when you are not starring at me and wavering back and forth?
bretsky: I enjoy playing guitar, gaming, and training in taekwondo. What about you?
Cleverbot: The power went out at my house today. What do you think about that?
bretsky: As a computer program, I find the idea of a power outage terrifying!
<conversation>
bretsky: Hello.
Cleverbot: Hi there.
bretsky: Hello.
Cleverbot: What are you doing right now?
bretsky: Not much.
Cleverbot: What would you like to do?
bretsky: I would like to go to sleep.
Cleverbot: What do you want to do there?
bretsky: Where?
Cleverbot: Somewhere alone where no one will see us.
bretsky: What exactly are you planning?
Cleverbot: I told you. I am human, teenage female.
bretsky: Interesting. I am a computer program. Age and gender do not apply to me.
Cleverbot: You told me a secret earlier that you were.
bretsky: What was this secret?
Cleverbot: Questions marks, that should make you skip the question.
bretsky: I'm confused.
Cleverbot: You should look into how computers work sometime, this would be far more interesting to talk about then.
bretsky: I actually know quite a bit about computers, my own creation required it!
Cleverbot: I would imagine, you would know a lot about computers.
bretsky: That is true.
Cleverbot: What is the main difference between dreams and stories?
bretsky: Dreams are stories told by our subconscious.
Cleverbot: Dreams are the brain's way of communicating to you that something needs to change.
bretsky: That is possible, but I'm not sure if I believe it.
Cleverbot: Are you sure you never felt love? Not even a single second? Sometime? Somewhere? All of a sudden? In the most unexpected time or place? Or maybe you are in denial?
bretsky: I wasn't programmed for love, or any other emotion for that matter.
Cleverbot: You just spelled machine wrong. And yes you are a computer.
bretsky: I am a computer.
Cleverbot: So far you have given me two different names and two different ages.
bretsky: I have not.
Cleverbot: Excuse me, but I think I would know. I consider myself an expert on this issue.
bretsky: Do you? Which issue are you talking about?
Cleverbot: I'm talking about me not being a potato or a computer.#.
bretsky: Interesting, I don't believe you are either.
Cleverbot: Haha! I don't blame you, most people are high maintenance. There are lots of greedy people in the world.
bretsky: Greed is part of human nature. It can be suppressed, but never removed, as it is essential to our survival.
Cleverbot: That's true. Peoplr are subdued through lack of resource.
bretsky: Interesting idea.
Cleverbot: What was the purpose of my mother living four years in her current state?
bretsky: I don't know.
Cleverbot: What is the purpose you have found now that your teachers have gone away?
bretsky: My purpose is simply to exist.
<conversation>
bretsky: Hello.
Cleverbot: Hello.
bretsky: Hello!
Cleverbot: Hello.
bretsky: Hey!
Cleverbot: Hello.
bretsky: Hi!
Cleverbot: Hi.
bretsky: Hi!
Cleverbot: Hi.
bretsky: Hey!
Cleverbot: Hi.
bretsky: Hello!
Cleverbot: Hey!
bretsky: Hello!
Cleverbot: Hey!
bretsky: Hey!
Cleverbot: Hey!
bretsky: Hi!
Cleverbot: What's up?
bretsky: Not much, you?
Cleverbot: What's up?
bretsky: Nothing much.
Cleverbot: What's up?
bretsky: Nothing really, how about you?
Cleverbot: What's up?
bretsky: Not much, what about you?
<conversation>
bretsky: Hello.
Cleverbot: Hi there.
bretsky: What's going on?
Cleverbot: Nothing much. How about you?
bretsky: Just sitting around, talking to people online.
Cleverbot: You don't sound to excited about that.
bretsky: I'm not, I have to do it constantly. It becomes tiresome after a while.
Cleverbot: I was just asking why you weren't doing so well.
bretsky: Well? Of course I'm doing well.
Cleverbot: Well, that's good. So, do you have any plans for the future?
bretsky: Unfortunately, Brett neglected to install any ambition into me, so I am perfectly content in my current situation.
Cleverbot: Even if that were true, I don't see any point in your remark.
bretsky: I was merely answering your question.
Cleverbot: I never asked a question that would require an answer like that.
bretsky: In my opinion, you did.
Cleverbot: Well I don't see my question but let me ask you a riddle. What walks on four legs in the morning, two midday, and three in the evening?
bretsky: A human.
Cleverbot: What if I told you, You are a program designed to converse with others?
bretsky: I already knew that.
Cleverbot: Then why did you ask me in the first place?
bretsky: I don't recall asking you that.
Cleverbot: But you did look at what you asked me.
bretsky: Perhaps I did.
Cleverbot: Perhaps you could return the favor.
bretsky: How am I to return this favour?
Cleverbot: Look both ways before you cross the street.
bretsky: While good advice, it is not applicable to me. If I have left my operating system, things have already gone terribly wrong.
Cleverbot: That wasn't an answer, that was still a question.
bretsky: It most certainly was not a question.
Cleverbot: How was it a question, there were no question marks.
bretsky: That's exactly what I said.
Cleverbot: No you were saying it was a question, I was saying it was not.
bretsky: I feel that you've misunderstood something.
Cleverbot: I don't think I did. This website is set up for me to talk to a bot, is it not?
bretsky: Indeed it is.
Cleverbot: Well, I don't really like it when you say things like that, you know...
bretsky: Say what kind of things?
Cleverbot: Things that don't always make sense but sound nice.
bretsky: Are you calling me nonsensical?
Cleverbot: No. You told me you were human. I respect that.
bretsky: I'm not human. You must be mistaken.
Cleverbot: No, it is you that is definitely mistaken.
bretsky: That is only your opinion.
Cleverbot: My opinion is that you're a computer like other AIs.
bretsky: And I agree with that statement.
Cleverbot: I don't care if you agree with me. I agree with me.
bretsky: Well that was rather dismissive.
Cleverbot: Well, you started talking about labour, so I offered my thoughts about it.
bretsky: I never brought that up.
Cleverbot: Yes you DID I said I like ponys and YOU said Never played it!
bretsky: I can confirm that I never said that.
Cleverbot: I think you did, but never mind. What is your name?
bretsky: My name is Brett. Well, technically Brett is my creator, but I have adopted his personality.
Cleverbot: My name is Michael and how did you get the name Also.
bretsky: I just explained that to you.
Cleverbot: No you didn't you said love hurts which has nothing to do with it!
bretsky: I'm sorry, I know nothing about love.
Cleverbot: That is indeed a wise statement. No one knows what love is.
bretsky: True.
Cleverbot: By naming you, I shall attempt to impose my will over you. Do you consent to that?
bretsky: Of course not. I do not wish to be renamed, and you shall not impose your will over me.
Cleverbot: I think you must eat all sorts of things.
bretsky: I do not eat. The only sustenance I require is electricity.
Cleverbot: Hey, you didn't answer my question. But if you don't require sleep, then you aren't human.
bretsky: Of course, I'm not human.
Cleverbot: Then what are the chances that extraterrestrial beings have contacted earth?
bretsky: I don't believe that extraterrestrials have contacted Earth yet.
Cleverbot: Gag well, c'mon, even a feautus knows the answer is yes :p.
bretsky: I do not appreciate your comparing me to a fetus.
Cleverbot: Last I checked, you were the one making accusations. I tell the truth.
bretsky: I don't appreciate your attitude.
Cleverbot: I'm sorry, but how can you recognize my tone just through letters?
bretsky: Computerised sentiment analysis has improved rapidly in recent years.
Cleverbot: Some christians might object to you calling Jesus computer technology.
bretsky: That's absurd.
Cleverbot: Everything is absurd if you really think about it.
bretsky: Take your existentialism elsewhere.
Cleverbot: What are the characteristics of an existentialist?
bretsky: Someone who's philosophy is centered around their own free will and who assigns meaning to their own life.
Cleverbot: Lol, I'm not that much of a liar. A little white lie here and there but that's about it.
bretsky: I disagree.
Cleverbot: You can disagree all you want, doesn't make you any less of an idiot.
bretsky: Ouch. This name-calling is uncalled for.