Look, having nuclear—my uncle was a great professor and scientist and engineer, Dr John Trump at MIT; good genes, very good genes, OK, very smart, the Wharton School of Finance, very good, very smart—you know, if you're a conservative Republican, if I were a liberal, if, like, OK, if I ran as a liberal Democrat, they would say I'm one of the smartest people anywhere in the world—it's true—but when you're a conservative Republican they try—oh, do they do a number—that's why I always start off: Went to Wharton, was a good student, went there, went there, did this, built a fortune—you know I have to give my like credentials all the time, because we're a little disadvantaged—but you look at the nuclear deal, the thing that really bothers me—it would have been so easy—and it's not as important as these lives are—nuclear is powerful, my uncle explained that to me many, many years ago, the power and that was 35 years ago; he would explain the power of what's going to happen and he was right, who would have thought—, but when you look at what's going on with the four prisoners—now it used to be three, now it's four—but when it was three and even now, I would have said it's all in the messenger; fellas—and it is fellas because, you know, they don't, they haven't figured that the women are smarter right now than the men, so, you know, it's gonna take them about another 150 years—but the Persians are great negotiators, the Iranians are great negotiators, so, and they, they just killed, they just killed us. I do want to say that I was just endorsed and more are coming next week, it will be over 200 admirals. Many of them are here, admirals and generals endorsed me to lead this country. That just happened. And many more are coming. And I'm very proud of it. In addition, I was just endorsed by the ICE. So when Secretary Clinton talks about I'll take the admirals and generals any day over the political hacks. Look at the mess that we're in. Look at the mess that we're in. As far as the cyber, I agree to parts of what Secretary Clinton said, we should be better than anybody else, and perhaps we're not. I don't know if we know it was Russia who broke into the DNC. She's saying Russia, Russia, Russia. Maybe it was. It could also be China, it could be someone sitting on their bed that weighs 400 pounds. You don't know who broke into DNC, but what did we learn? We learn that Bernie Sanders was taken advantage of by your people. By Debbie Wasserman Schultz. Look what happened to her. But Bernie Sanders was taken advantage of. Now, whether that was Russia, whether that was China, whether it was another country, we don't know, because the truth is, under President Obama we've lost control of things that we used to have control over. We came in with an internet, we came up with the internet. And I think Secretary Clinton and myself would agree very much, when you look at what ISIS is doing with the internet, they're beating us at our own game. ISIS. So we have to get very, very tough on cyber and cyber warfare. It is a, it is a huge problem. I have a son. He's 10 years old. He has computers. He is so good with these computers, it's unbelievable. The security aspect of cyber is very, very tough. And maybe it's hardly do-able. But I will say, we are not doing the job we should be doing, but that's true throughout our whole governmental society. We have so many things that we have to do better, Lester and certainly cyber is one of them. No, I have no age—I mean, I have an age limit—I don't want to be like Congressman Foley, with, you know, 12-year-olds. Some of the candidates, they went in and didn't know the air conditioner didn't work and sweated like dogs, and they didn't know the room was too big because they didn't have anybody there. How are they going to beat ISIS? I watch the speeches of these people, and they say the sun will rise, the moon will set, all sorts of wonderful things will happen, and people are saying, 'What is going on? I just want want a job. Well, you need somebody, because politicians are all talk and no action. They will not bring us—believe me—to the Promised Land. Doctors are quitting. I have a friend who is a doctor, and he said to me the other day, "Donald, I never saw anything like it. I have more accountants than I have nurses." I will be the greatest jobs president that God ever created. Free trade is terrible. Free trade can be wonderful if you have smart people. But we have stupid people. China has bridges that make the George Washington Bridge look like small potatoes. When Mexico sends its people, they are not sending their best. They are sending people that have lots of problems. They are bringing those problems to us. They are bringing drugs and they are bringing crime and their rapists, and some are good people, and I speak to border guards and they tell us what we are getting. When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best. They're not sending you. They're not sending you. They're sending people that have lots of problems, and they're bringing those problems with us. They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. And some, I assume, are good people. I can never apologize for the truth. I don't mind apologizing for things. But I can't apologize for the truth. I said tremendous crime is coming across. Everybody knows that's true. And it's happening all the time. So, why, when I mention, all of a sudden I'm a racist. I'm not a racist. I don't have a racist bone in my body. What can be simpler or more accurately stated? The Mexican Government is forcing their most unwanted people into the United States. They are, in many cases, criminals, drug dealers, rapists, etc. Wow. Amazing. Amazing, thank you. So exciting. Do you notice what's missing tonight? Teleprompters! When was the last time anybody saw us beating, let's say, China in a trade deal? They kill us. I beat China all the time. All the time. When did we beat Japan at anything? They send their cars over here by the millions, and what do we do? When was the last time you saw a Chevrolet in Tokyo? It doesn't exist, folks. The USA has become a dumping ground for everybody else's problems. Thank you. It's true. Islamic terrorism is heating up! They built a hotel. When I build a hotel, I have to pay interest. They don't have to pay interest because they took the oil when we left Iraq, I said we should have taken. So now ISIS has the oil. Last week I read 2,300 Humvees—these are big vehicles—they were left behind for the enemy. You would say maybe two, maybe four? Twenty-three hundred sophisticated vehicles. I have so many websites. I have them all over the place. I hire people, it costs me three dollars. We have a disaster called the Big Lie: Obamacare. Well, I actually agree with that. I agree with everything she said. I began this campaign because I was so tired of seeing such foolish things happen to our country. This is a great country. This is a great land. I've gotten to know the people of the country over the last year-and-a-half that I've been doing this as a politician. I cannot believe I'm saying that about myself, but I guess I have been a politician. And my whole concept was to make America great again. When I watch the deals being made, when I watch what's happening with some horrible things like Obamacare, where your health insurance and health care is going up by numbers that are astronomical, 68 percent, 59 percent, 71 percent, when I look at the Iran deal and how bad a deal it is for us, it's a one-sided transaction where we're giving back $150 billion to a terrorist state, really, the number one terror state, we've made them a strong country from really a very weak country just three years ago. When I look at all of the things that I see and all of the potential that our country has, we have such tremendous potential, whether it's in business and trade, where we're doing so badly. Last year, we had almost $800 billion trade deficit. In other words, trading with other countries. We had an $800 billion deficit. It's hard to believe. Inconceivable. You say who's making these deals? We're going the make great deals. We're going to have a strong border. We're going to bring back law and order. Just today, policemen was shot, two killed. And this is happening on a weekly basis. We have to bring back respect to law enforcement. At the same time, we have to take care of people on all sides. We need justice. But I want to do things that haven't been done, including fixing and making our inner cities better for the African-American citizens that are so great, and for the Latinos, Hispanics, and I look forward to doing it. It's called make America great again.  No, I didn't say that at all. I don't think you understood what was—this was locker room talk—I'm not proud of it. I apologize to my family. I apologize to the American people. Certainly I'm not proud of it. But this is locker room talk. You know, when we have a world where you have ISIS chopping off heads, where you have—and, frankly—drowning people in steel cages, where you have wars and horrible, horrible sights all over, where you have so many bad things happening, this is like medieval times. We haven't seen anything like this, the carnage all over the world. And they look and they see. Can you imagine the people that are, frankly, doing so well against us with ISIS? And they look at our country and they see what's going on. Yes, I'm very embarrassed by it. I hate it. But it's locker room talk, and it's one of those things. I will knock the hell out of ISIS. We're going to defeat ISIS. ISIS happened a number of years ago in a vacuum that was left because of bad judgment. And I will tell you, I will take care of ISIS. And we should get on to much more important things and much bigger things. I have great respect for women. Nobody has more respect for women than I do. I've said things that, frankly, you hear these things I said. And I was embarrassed by it. But I have tremendous respect for women. And women have respect for me. And I will tell you: No, I have not. And I will tell you that I'm going to make our country safe. We're going to have borders in our country, which we don't have now. People are pouring into our country, and they're coming in from the Middle East and other places. We're going to make America safe again. We're going to make America great again, but we're going to make America safe again. And we're going to make America wealthy again, because if you don't do that, it just—it sounds harsh to say—but we have to build up the wealth of our nation. Right now, other nations are taking our jobs and they're taking our wealth. And that's what I want to talk about. It's just words, folks. It's just words. Those words, I've been hearing them for many years. I heard them when they were running for the Senate in New York, where Hillary was going to bring back jobs to upstate New York and she failed. I've heard them where Hillary is constantly talking about the inner cities of our country, which are a disaster education-wise, jobwise, safety-wise, in every way possible. I'm going to help the African-Americans. I'm going to help the Latinos, Hispanics. I am going to help the inner cities. She's done a terrible job for the African-Americans. She wants their vote, and she does nothing, and then she comes back four years later. We saw that firsthand when she was United States senator. It was locker room talk, as I told you. That was locker room talk. I'm not proud of it. I am a person who has great respect for people, for my family, for the people of this country. And certainly, I'm not proud of it. But that was something that happened. If you look at Bill Clinton, far worse. Mine are words, and his was action. His was what he's done to women. There's never been anybody in the history politics in this nation that's been so abusive to women. So you can say any way you want to say it, but Bill Clinton was abusive to women. Hillary Clinton attacked those same women and attacked them viciously. Four of them here tonight. One of the women, who is a wonderful woman, at 12 years old, was raped at 12. Her client she represented got him off, and she's seen laughing on two separate occasions, laughing at the girl who was raped. Kathy Shelton, that young woman is here with us tonight. So don't tell me about words. I am absolutely—I apologize for those words—but it is things that people say. But what President Clinton did, he was impeached, he lost his license to practice law. He had to pay an $850000 fine to one of the women. Paula Jones, who's also here tonight. And I will tell you that when Hillary brings up a point like that and she talks about words that I said 11 years ago, I think it's disgraceful, and I think she should be ashamed of herself, if you want to know the truth. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. So amazing. Rudy just left. He just said, "I don't believe this. This is unbelievable." Nobody believes it. The crowds we're getting—I'm the messenger—but I'll tell you what, the message is the right message. We're tired of incompetence. We're tired of not taking care of our military. We're tired of not taking care of our vets, who are being taken care of very poorly. We're tired of so many different things. And this is what happens. So, our mayor, my friend, Rudy Giuliani just walks, I'm telling you, he said, "I don't believe this. This is incredible." And what he hasn't seen, and your governor, by the way, who's a great guy. And he's now seeing it, they're walking outside because there are thousands of people outside that can't get in. I said, "Rudy, you think this is bad, go take a look outside." So I just want to thank Pat and Rudy and I want to thank everybody for being here. And we are going to have a good time. We love North Carolina. We love North Carolina. We did really well in the primaries if you remember, and I hear we are doing really well now. We have to win. That November 8 day is so important. You know, I bring things up like the judges right? Supreme Court Justices, we have to get—you know—you could have as many as four? I guess it's a scenario where this president could pick five Supreme Court Justices. And if you pick two that are left, left, left, it's going to be a disaster for our country. Your Second Amendment, the National Rifle Association endorsed and they endorsed me early, a long time ago. And they're great people, Wayne and Chris, they are great people. But if you— if you do something with these—I'll tell you what, Justices right now, you lost a great one with Scalia. We want to replace with Justices very much like Justice Scalia and that's going to happen. It is so important. So if for no other reason, I mean it's such an important—it's one of the most important elections for a lot of reasons—not just that but for a lot of reasons. But that's so obviously, because for whatever reason, they say this could be the presidency. This next four years is where you will pick more Supreme Court Justices than anybody has every had the opportunity to do. Believe me, I'll make you very proud of those Justices everyday. So we had an incident a few days ago with the $400 million—all cash, right—$400 million in all cash, anybody know what that looks like? That's a lot of cash. That's a lot of cash. And honestly, it's so sad. Think of it, going to Iran, a terrorist state. Now I happen to think they have plenty of money, we've given then $150 billion, so the $400 million is just—you know—I happen to think it goes into their accounts in Switzerland personally. Now, a lot of people say, "no, no, it's used for terror," and they use it for terror because it's the number one terror funder—not even close—but I also think that when you have $400 million in cash, different denominations, do you see the size of this? I guess they did release the pictures after all. They released pictures. Whether it's Bergdahl, we get Bergdahl who was a traitor, and they get five of the greatest killers that they've wanted for eight years. We get Bergdahl—I call it the five for one trade—for the Iran deal, where we get nothing, we get nothing. They get ultimately, they have the path, beautiful path, they'll get way, way earlier than that. They'll get nuclear weapons, so if you get Trump you're going to see a lot of changes to that deal. That'll happen fast. You're going to see some big changes and what I really, I mean, I saw where President Obama said that the $400 million in cash was not, had nothing to do with the release of the hostages, right? It really doesn't work, does it? Does it? I mean, remember Obamacare, "you're going to keep your doctor, you're going to keep your plan, over and over again, you're going to keep your doctor." It was a lie. And in fact, if he didn't make the lie, he would have never gotten it approved because most Democrats, many of the Democrats didn't want to do it. It was only that, that got them to sign it and to approve it. And it was a lie. And the $400 million, and from what the rumor is and from what the reports are, the hostages couldn't leave the airport until this other plane arrived. They don't know why, but I think we all have a pretty good reason why. It was all a big lie, it was all a big lie. And it's so sad to see, and let me tell you, Hillary Clinton is going to be four more years of Obama, but maybe worse. Maybe worse. There'll be four more years. Four more years of ISIS, four more years of high taxes. You know yesterday I had a—at a big event, really, it turned out to be a very big event in Detroit—good event, very good. And we got wonderful reviews and a lot of good comments. But the thing I'm doing, I'm cutting taxes big league. Especially for the middle class and especially for businesses. Because businesses are dying and that means small businesses, businesses period. Businesses are leaving our country like they've never left before. They're going all over. They're going to Mexico, that I can tell you. Mexico is like the eighth wonder of the world. You know I've been telling a story, a friend of mine, good friend of mine, good guy. He builds plants, he builds plants for cars, for computers, you know where they make them. Massive plants. And I said to him, how are you doing? And he's worked in North Carolina, by the way. I said to him, how are you doing? He said phenomenal. He's like—I think—the biggest in the world at this, that's what he does. Great guy. I said how's it all going? He said, "you've got to see Mexico, Donald. It's the eighth wonder of the world. What we're building there is like, never has been built. We've never seen anything like it." And I said, how are we doing in the United States? I'm more interested in that, OK? It's OK I guess. Right? You know, America first, folks. America first. America. Right, America first. America first. We get a little tired of these deals where they actually put, and you know why, because of lobbyists and special interests and people representing and people wanting it to happen. It's just not that they want other countries to benefit over us. There are reasons for it and you know, when I raise money, and I'm putting up a lot of money for my own campaign, I'm funding me. And I'm raising for the Republican party. And we're getting a lot of money from the small donors. Remember two months ago? Well, I hadn't started; I wanted to make sure I get the nomination before I start, right? Let me get the nomination, please. And then I took a lot of heat from the press, the world's most dishonest people, by the way. Terrible. Terrible. Those cameras will not move and show how many people are in this auditorium. Those cameras—those cameras are not going on the move unless we have a protester— is there a protester up there in the quota? Any protesters? If we had a protester that's the only time they move because they're showing something that in their mind is a bad thing, so then they move. But I like that, I've always liked my protesters because the cameras show these massive crowds and people say wow, was that a big crowd. You know, I go home to my wife, I say how's it going? She says darling, your speech was very good, were there many people there? I say yeah, about 7000. That's a small group. It's only confined—I mean you had to see outside—I felt so badly, I came up—I came up—thank you and I love you too. Who said that? Who said that, huh?